[MUSIC]
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Data binding.
So, this is quite interesting as
they've introduced all kinds of new and
interesting syntax into our templates.
And I think I have a picture here.
Yes.
So, we still have our classic double
curly braces string interpolation.
But now, we have really,
two main bindings.
You have property bindings and
event bindings.
So now, you can bind to properties from
your component within your template,
and it's a square bracket.
If you want to listen for
an event on your template, and
then convey that back to your component,
it's parenthesis.
Or if you want to, do them both.
So there was kind of this concession of
how in the world do we work with forms,
we need two-way data binding.
It only makes sense that when
I type in the text field,
that I automatically get this information.
I mean that was the real money demo.
When Angular 1 first came out it was,
look,
I can type in this text field and
it automatically updates over here.
How are we gonna have that demo still?
So, they said, well, let’s take this
one-way binding and this one-way binding,
and we’re going to put them together,
and now we have two-way data binding.
So, I guess two one-way streets
put together is a two -way street.
And so, we have this hotdog
in a box kind of syntax here,
of the box, the hot dog, and it's simply
saying, when this property changes,
then it will fire off an event and it will
show up in your controller and vice versa.
And so, you can see here,
I don't know where my mouse is.
But you can see here,
this ng model message.
That, that's what that looks like.
So, pretty simple.
Yes, we have a question in the back.
>> Speaker 2: The first value,
is that just a one-time expression?
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: What's that?
>> Speaker 2: Is that just an expression?
The, cuz you have a property by
the template on the top level, value,
is that just any expression of a value and
once its rendered and that's it?
And there's no [INAUDIBLE]
component template?
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So, I believe this
actually will change in the component.
So, this is almost
the equivalent of property, and
there's some reasons why you would use
string turbulation over property binding.
But they, when it updates in
the component, it will update as well.
So it's still, I mean, so
string turbulation is always been one-way.
But it's not a one-time deal.
So, it's not a bind once, rather.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And so, we're back on
familiar ground, a service is just a class
that we make available to our injector
with the injectable metadata.
I think we are almost in the home stretch.
My voice is getting tired.
So, a component is just a directive
with added template features.
But we also have built-in
directives that come with
Angular 2, NG4, NGF, NG-switch,
a few off top of my head.
But again, there's just a handful
because now that we're using events and
property binding, it's much simpler.
So, in this case, we have a directive,
and we are just saying,
hey take this thing and
apply it to the FEM blinker selector.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Dependency injection.
Yes?
>> Speaker 3: Is it safe to assume that
a directive is basically a behavior
modification of a component?
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Yes.
>> Speaker 3: Okay.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So, in Angular 1,
there was really kind of two styles of
components or directives rather,
that is pretty obvious now in Angular 2.
Is you had a component directive,
that was kind of the self-encapsulated
thing that you would pass around.
And so UI bootstrap is a really
good example of that, of like,
I need this date-picker, and
so, you would basically go and
say like, date or
UI dot date dot pick or whatever and
had all of that behavior and
capsulate it within that directive.
And so, up until Angular 2 is I always
referred to those kind of directives just
simply as components.
It was self-encapsulated, and
then you had what I would refer to as
decorator directives that I have
this thing that already exists.
I need to augment its behavior.
And so, then, I would go in and
do, essentially,
I would decorate it with a directive.
So, that concept still applies and
it's pretty easy.
And Angular 2 is that you have
a component which is the self-contained,
encapsulated unit of functionality,
whereas a directive essentially
augments any component's
behavior with new capabilities.
So for instance, a drag-and-drop would
be a good example of that, a blank,
if you wanted to blank a component.
If I had a directive that I wanted
to turn the mic over to Scott,
I think he has commentary.
>> Scott: Yeah.
Just to answer that.
So, the analogy for
the one-to-one ratio of how is it
now in Angular 2 versus Angular 1.
In Angular 1, we made a directive and
used the restrict property.
You had the E which was for element
directive, think of that as the component
to Angular 2, and then you might have
placed an A for an attribute directive,
that's a directive for Angular 2,
so those are the differences.
E is the component,
A is the directive, that's really it.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: If you had a mic,
you could just drop it right now,
and walk out the room.
>> Speaker 5: [INAUDIBLE]
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And he breaks his toe.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So
dependency injection, it works fairly
similar to Angular 1, I think, in theory.
So, on the surfaces, I need this
thing delivered to my component.
You put it in the constructor of
your class and it's available.
The difference is that Angular
2 works on the concept of
hierarchical dependency injection or
hierarchical injectors,
so that each component
gets its own injector.
And so, you can actually declare
services at a component level.
Whereas in Angular 1,
if you injected a service, it was
essentially an application singleton.
That's all you were getting.
In Angular 2, that's not the case.
So, now, we're saying Angular 1 had
sort of a single high-level injector.
Now, we're allowing injectors
at a component level.
The reason being, I believe, is that
as Angular starts to kind of gear itself
to be a large application platform,
that there are used cases
where you would want to,
on a sub-feature basis,
really dial in specific behavior.
And so, with the kind of component system
architecture that exists in Angular 2,
you can inject it to a certain component,
and
it's only available to that component and
its children.
And so, that's pretty neat that you
can actually create even kind of
some variations of that on kind
of a per componentry basis.
Now, if you need for this,
if you need a service to be available for
your entire application, then you do it at
the top level when you bootstrap your app,
and then it's going to
be available top down.
So, for instance,
when I bootstrap, I would generally
put in my router providers,
because I want routing, obviously,
to be available for every single thing.
Another thing is if you have, for
instance, a large application,
you really could be very
specific about what gets what,
instead of making it available
to kind of like everything.
So, there's some performance
issues there as well.
But in this case, you can see in
the experiment's component, I am basically
injecting the state service and
the experiment service into it.
And I've also marked it as private.
This is a typescript thing,
that if you violate this,
you'll get a compile time error, but
at run time, it just gets stripped out.
And so, we're talking a little bit more
about typescript in the next module, but
this is pretty much kind of how it works,
is that I want to inject or I want to
make experiment service injectable.
So, you just write your class,
injectable metadata, and
then, it's now available to the injector,
and then from any other component or
service or directive, you can then
inject that into its constructor.
The one thing that I like is if we've
been through a few of these slides is,
you'll start to notice that
again directives, components,
even pipes which are essentially
Angular 1 filters, services,
that they're really just classes.
And so, now, you kinda have this unified
kind of syntax across everything.